[thunder rumbling]
- It's getting bad.
- Yeah,
weather app just updated.
It's now saying two days
before it lets up.
- Oh, did you ever get
your mama's windows sealed?
- Yeah, she should be good.
- Hey, are you sure you
don't want help on the paper?
I can stay. Adam's got Mak.
He's probably letting her
stay up to watch the storm.
- No, get home before the
streets are bad, you know?
- All right.
But you call me
if you need anything, okay?
- Yep, I will.
- All right.
- All right, bro.
- Good night.
- Yeah.
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder booming]
- Excuse me.
- Yep.
- Uh, the desk sergeant
let me up.
Is Officer Ruzek around?
- No, he's, uh--he's not.
- Hmm, okay.
Okay.
- Do you need me to call him?
- No, no, that's okay.
I'll sort it.
- Hey, I'm--I'm here.
I'm Officer Torres, Dante.
You know, we never
really met, but I know
you worked Martel with us.
Can I help?
- Right, okay.
I might be wrong.
It might be nothing,
but I was hoping
I can get help with something.
It was a 911 call.
Call came in at 8:15 p.m.
And the caller was
a female in distress,
said that she needed help,
said that
she was being chased on foot.
Then the call dropped.
- Dispatcher get her
back on the line?
- No, her phone was off.
Either she turned it off,
it died,
or she was in a dead zone.
And a dispatch sent my partner
and I out to the last location.
We searched for an hour,
then my partner
coded it 19 Paul.
- And you felt otherwise?
- Yeah.
There was shoe prints,
broken grass.
It looked to me like
someone was running.
Rain washed the prints away
before my partner
could confirm.
- What, he didn't believe you?
- No.
No, he didn't.
I saw the shoe prints
here behind these houses.
They were headed south.
- All right. Let's go.
All right.
We can knock and talk,
see if anyone was home,
heard something.
Circle back and search.
Let's split up.
- Yeah, good idea.
[ominous music]
♪
[both knocking]
A few more minutes?
- Yeah.
♪
[knocking]
Chicago PD.
- [sighs]
[thunder booming]
[breathing heavily]
♪
There's someone in the water!
- Where?
- Right down here, moving fast!
[gasping]
- All right.
All right.
- It was right here.
- Where?
- There!
- All right, all right.
Keep--keep your light on it.
- 921 Squad, we've got
a female in the water,
south bank of the river,
South Chicago.
I need ambos, roll.
- I got her!
Kiana, I got her!
- I see you. Come on.
[both panting]
- Hey!
All right. All right.
Here we go. Here we go.
I got her. I got her.
There we go. There we go.
[both grunting]
- [panting]
- Check her pulse.
Is she breathing?
- No.
No.
- What?
- Jesus.
Somebody killed her.
- 5021 Ocean,
I got a tender age DOA
white female,
around 13 years old.
We're on the east edge
of South Chicago,
near the south bank
of the river.
We need cars
and the mobile crime lab now.
- Copy, 5021 Ocean.
Backup and crime lab en route.
- Here. Use this.
- 5021 Ocean,
do you have an exact address?
- Closest cross-street
is Pershing and Iron.
- Copy you.
5021 Ocean, routing cars now.
[thunder booming]
- Somebody's in the woods.
A girl!
- Hey, stay with her body.
- Okay.
- Chicago PD!
[tense music]
♪
- Officers are
clearing up to 35th.
No signs of anyone.
- I cleared to 41st,
nothing yet.
But I saw someone.
And she was young,
maybe a witness, an offender,
I don't know,
but she was there.
- I know she was.
I believe you.
- I don't know what to do.
Please, please.
I can't. I need help.
Chasing. Oh, God.
Chasing me. Please.
I can't keep running.
I can't.
- Is that the 911 call?
- Yeah, that's the whole call.
So nothing was found
in the woods?
- Not yet.
- We got an ID.
Name's Lucy Talsman.
She's 14 years old.
Hasn't been reported
missing yet.
She had a cell phone
in her pocket,
but the thing's dead
from the water.
We're working to confirm
it placed the 911 call.
- You responded.
Gut told you to come back?
- Yes, sir.
- Good for you.
- Sergeant Voight.
You need an assist on a search?
- This rain is killing us.
We'll take any help we can get
before all the rain
washes away the evidence.
We're looking
for a blunt-force object,
any signs of a struggle,
any signs of blood.
We don't have
a crime scene yet.
- Copy.
My team will sort it.
- Appreciate it.
- Okay, listen...
- All right, let's get Lucy's
body to the morgue safe.
Just start running her.
Try to build a timeline
that puts her here.
All right,
you two do the notification.
- You coming?
- I should probably stay here,
help the rest of patrol
hold down the scene.
- That was Voight's way of
assigning you to the case.
You found it.
It's yours to work.
- Right.
Yeah, you right.
Let's go.
- I told her this would happen.
Did she listen to me?
No.
That girl has been trouble from
the moment she split me open.
- You knew this would happen?
- Bad things happen
when you're trouble.
That girl sneaks out
at all hours.
She's rude to every man
I bring in this house.
She's ungrateful,
never listens.
- Do you know who your
daughter was with tonight?
- No.
- Where she was?
She was supposed to be
here sleeping.
- We found her
in South Chicago.
You have any idea
why she was there?
- You don't listen either?
Lucy sneaks out with her
friends every single night.
I don't know where they go
or what they do.
I couldn't stop her.
Do you understand?
Juvie couldn't stop her.
No one could.
- What friends?
- I don't know.
Other little wild girls
with black hearts.
One of them even look like
the devil's plaything.
That girl looks
like a damn ghost.
- Lucy's mother confirmed
the description, pale,
almost white hair.
- That's who was in the woods.
- Yeah, but her mother
didn't know her name.
And there was nothing
in Lucy's room.
- All right.
Well, we can try to
ID the girl from...
- Kiana. You can take this.
It's free.
- No, I can float.
- No, no, no. Take a desk.
It's yours.
- If you need
a dry set of clothes,
I've got extras in my locker.
It's open.
- Thank you.
- Still haven't been able
to pull any of Lucy's socials.
She doesn't have an account
under her name.
I'm guessing she probably
used something like a Finsta
to hide from her mama.
- We got no cameras anywhere
near the area where you guys
pulled Lucy out the water.
- We also have no idea
how Lucy got there yet.
There are no bus routes in the
area, no Ubers in her name.
I mean, she might have
walked on foot, taken a car,
but we just can't confirm it.
- In the woods?
- Oh, the woods was all clear.
No proof of any murder weapon,
no proof that anybody else
was even in the area.
- It might be a long shot.
I can't remember if
I was facing forward.
[keyboard clacking]
Look.
Cam might have missed it.
Torres.
- What?
- Someone's in the woods.
- There it is, right there.
- Is that enough
for facial rec?
[tense music]
- I don't know.
Let's see.
♪
- Jess Marks, 14 years old.
That's her.
♪
- Jess has multiple priors,
habitual offender.
Landed in juvie,
three-month stint.
Same juvie as Lucy.
- At the same time?
- Yep,
overlapped for all of it.
They must have met there.
Jess's primary guardian
is her uncle.
She's been in his custody
since she was ten.
Parents were in
and out of prison.
Looks like drugs, went AWOL.
- Signs of violence?
- No.
She has a couple curfew priors,
graffiti, trespassing,
underage drinking,
nothing violent,
no fights listed.
- Doesn't mean
they didn't happen, though.
[phone buzzes]
Go ahead, Burgess.
- Morgue just called.
Rain made it near impossible
to pull quality forensics
off Lucy,
but they were able to find
one partial sample.
It's a match for Jess.
- Blood sample?
- No, a hair follicle
found inside Lucy's shirt.
- They're teenage girls.
It's possible they
share clothes.
- Yes, or dressed
as our offender.
- We're pulling up
to Jess's now.
- Okay, do a quiet walk-by,
see if you can get eyes.
I'm on my way.
- No car out front.
- Lights are off.
Kiana, I got an open door,
east gangway.
- Copy.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- 5021 Ocean,
Squad, be advised,
we have an open door
at 4203 South Elmwood.
Me and my partner
are entering the home
to conduct a well-being check.
Smell that?
- Yeah.
- 10-4, 5021 Ocean.
We'll hold you down
at that address.
- Chicago PD!
♪
Well-being check!
Anyone?
[thunder booming]
Chicago PD! Call out!
♪
Show me your hands!
- He's gone all stiff.
Is this Jess's uncle?
- Could be.
5021 Ocean, roll the crime lab
to 4203 South Elmwood.
We got a DOA, male.
- There's something
beneath them.
What?
It looks like honey.
♪
- It almost looks like
he was waterboarded with honey.
- Preliminary read would be
someone held his nose shut.
That's the bruising there.
And he was held down
there, there.
Those are from fingertips.
- Small ones.
- Yes.
- The ID is confirmed?
- This is Jess's uncle,
Liam Marks.
This is his house.
No sign of forced entry.
- You got anything
on her whereabouts now?
- No, we--nothing.
Talked to neighbors,
but no one's seen her in days.
- She doesn't
have a cell phone.
- Hmm.
All right, get alerts out.
Let's search this house.
Try to find anything that
points to where Jess is now.
- What are we saying here?
We think Jess did this?
A 14-year-old girl
killed her uncle
with honey
and then killed Lucy?
Why on Earth--
- I don't know.
All right, let's find out.
- Did you find
a Polaroid camera?
- No.
- They're expensive,
aren't they?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Do you remember
your friends at this age?
I had these three friends on
my dad's block when I was 13.
And we were inseparable.
Told each other everything.
We had a name for our group.
We did blood bonds.
And we were weird.
Were your friends like that?
- No.
But I was in juvie.
It was different
there, you know?
We were just...
Surviving.
- Right.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- He called her honey.
- The note's at least a visual
match for Liam's handwriting.
I bet experts have it now.
They'll send us a confirmation.
- Well, we got a history of
a contentious relationship
between Liam and Jess?
- Not documented,
but that doesn't mean much.
- Yeah, it's a strong motive.
If there was any abuse
in that house,
it would at least
explain the honey.
- Got the morgue's
preliminaries.
No drugs or alcohol in Liam's
system, died of asphyxiation.
The, uh, ME was right.
He was held down.
He was held down
by multiple people.
You can see the sizing,
but then there's overlap.
So they're all small fingers,
but from different hands.
The ME believes
five different hands.
- Wait, so they could tell that
he was held down
by three people?
- They can, indeed.
- Lucy's mom said friends,
plural,
other wild little girls
with black hearts.
All the photos in Jesse's room
had three young girls--
Lucy, Jess, and another.
It was always
the three of them.
- Okay, we got this
third girl's ID?
- No.
Her face didn't pop on facial
rec, she wasn't in juvie,
and it doesn't match any school
records that I found yet,
but I'm gonna keep digging.
- Hey, guys.
It's Sergeant Montgomery.
He's got something.
He thinks he's got eyes
on Jess right now
at a viaduct encampment
at Van Buren and Lower Wacker.
- Hit it.
- All right,
we'll meet you there.
Thank you.
- One of my men recognized her.
- No one's approached?
- No, we left her for you.
She's in the yellow tent
on the right.
14 years old,
blonde hair, real pale.
Listen, we'll take
the far field and hold it down.
We'll let you approach.
- All right,
we'll take the east side.
- Nice and slow.
[tense music]
♪
[dramatic music]
- Jess!
- Go!
Run!
- Hey!
- Damn it.
- Torres, go. We got this.
Stop fighting.
- CPD!
Hey! Stop!
[groans]
[rattling]
[pounding]
Come on!
[growls]
[panting]
- [grunting]
Uncuff me!
- I can't when
you're like this.
- Jess, you need to calm down.
- You're hurting yourself.
- Look, the sooner you talk,
the sooner you leave this room.
- Ugh!
- Whoa, whoa.
Okay, all right.
We're stopping this.
- If she stops the interview
because you're fighting,
he'll take you to a level 14.
You understand?
That means stat drugs,
a restraint chair,
and a spit hood.
Correct?
- Yes, that's an option.
- Jess, we just need you
to answer a few questions.
Okay?
Now, first off,
who was with you in the tent?
Who ran from police?
Look at me.
[thunder booming]
It was her.
Who is she?
- Okay.
Okay, let's talk
about last night.
I know you were in
the woods last night
when Lucy was killed.
- Don't you say her name.
- Why not?
- You don't deserve to.
You let her die.
[tense music]
- I would never
have let her die.
She was dead when we
pulled her from the river.
Okay?
What happened to her?
What happened to Liam?
- What, you were there too?
You tried to save him?
- No he was dead.
I don't know what
he did to you,
but I'm guessing
there's a reason
why you three girls killed him.
- Yeah.
You think you're smart.
"You three girls."
You think you can trap me?
♪
I killed him.
No one else helped.
- That's not true.
- It is true!
I killed him, only me.
Little me killed him!
Just me!
So you give me
whatever you got!
- You don't want all
these charges on your own.
- I do. Go ahead.
- They'll charge you
as an adult.
- You can't scare me!
You understand?
You can't scare me!
I refuse to be afraid!
I won't be afraid of you!
[grunting]
Get me out of this thing!
- Calm down and we will
have somebody--
- Uncuff me!
- She is scared.
She's terrified.
- She's protecting that girl.
- I mean, no doubt
she killed Liam,
but the way
she reacted to Lucy?
She loves her.
- But she can love her
and have killed her.
- Hmm.
I got no idea.
I don't know what's going on.
All we know is, Jess is lying.
I mean, three people
held Liam down,
poured honey down his throat,
and watched him die.
Why?
And who was there?
Jess, the girl in the tent,
the one in the photo.
I mean,
is Lucy involved somehow?
I don't know.
We need way more.
♪
- They're juveniles.
They have protections.
I can't just let you
look at our system.
- We don't need to
look at your system.
We know the girl doesn't
pop on your juvie intake.
We have already searched it.
- Then what do you want?
- To speak to another employee,
someone who knows these girls,
a supervisor.
- They'll tell you
the same thing.
They're going to
want a warrant.
- Well, let's let them
tell us that, yeah?
- What JDC were you at?
- Marin Hall.
- Hmm.
Just as lovely as this one.
- What's the deal with you
and Sergeant Montgomery?
- No deal.
- He the boss
on your tact team?
The one that moved you
back to patrol?
Why?
- You know,
for a man of few words,
you are bad
at reading silences.
- You gave him a signal
on the scene.
And he ignored you.
There's a reason.
- Not one that
you need to know.
- I--I want to know.
- Why?
Oh, is this your way of
getting to know me better?
Look, it's on him that
he didn't listen to me
on the scene.
It is on him that he booted me.
None of that is on me.
- Officers, what's going on?
Can I help?
- We're trying to
ID a young girl.
She's friends with two
of your former residents.
They each did six-month stints.
It's this one right here.
Do you recognize her?
[suspenseful music]
♪
- You do know her?
- I'm just the night aide.
I'm not sure what
I'm allowed to tell you.
- Well,
we don't want any trouble.
We know there's
confidentiality.
But she's not
a resident, is she?
She's not on any
of your intake,
and she's not old enough to
have her record sealed, so.
We think she's in trouble.
♪
- No, she's not arrested.
She's the day warden's kid.
He used to bring her in
all the time.
- Used to?
- Yeah, used to.
Her name's Willow.
- Willow Hughes, she's 13.
She went to school in Wilmette.
Her father, Raymond Hughes,
was a day warden
in Kirkman Juvenile Center.
- Until two weeks ago when
Raymond was quietly let go.
- Huh.
- Now, the center claimed
that Raymond moved on
to other opportunities,
but according to an employee,
he had multiple allegations
against him.
The residents claimed
that he was mentally
and physically abusive.
- Okay, how do Lucy
and Jess fit in?
- They fit with Willow.
Lucy, Jess, and Willow
met at the center,
became friends, close in
the way of young girls,
told each other everything.
- Like the fact that Jess's
uncle was physically abusive,
and Lucy's mother's boyfriend
touched her,
and that Willow's father had
a liking for the belt at home.
He was beating Willow.
It got worse when he got fired.
It's all there.
They wrote it all down.
- We actually ID'd
Jess and Lucy's Finsta
through Willow's Finsta.
They talked about it all,
about everything
they were gonna do to him.
They were three teenage girls,
all with abusive men
in their lives,
who decided to take
action together.
They decided to kill 'em
one by one.
- Kill them?
- Liam, then Raymond,
then the boyfriend.
- And we believe the girls
killed Liam first,
then lured Raymond into the
woods, tried to attack him,
but it went wrong this time.
Raymond killed Lucy instead.
- Huh.
- We can put both Willow and
Raymond's phones in the woods
before Lucy died.
- Raymond Hughes'
house is empty.
No, Raymond, no Willow.
Got tact sitting on it.
- Their phones?
- Off now.
No vehicles in the driveway.
Raymond has a Nissan Altima.
It's not there. Got BOLOs out.
- [sighs]
Okay.
But Willow might still
be on the run, hiding.
Her father might be
looking for her.
Problem is, what does
he do if he finds her?
All right, let's run
at Jess with all this.
Just hope she talks.
- Sergeant, can I try with her?
♪
- And so you all
kill Liam together.
Raymond was next.
You lured him into the woods,
tried to kill him,
but it went wrong.
You fall back.
He was too strong.
Jess, where are
Raymond and Willow now?
I'm here to help you.
- I don't want your help.
I told you all already,
I killed Liam by myself.
- You lied.
I know you.
- You don't know me.
You don't know
anything about me.
You think that I'll break,
turn into some sweet,
innocent thing
who cries in your lap
and begs you for your help.
I won't.
I'm not scared of you.
You should be scared of me.
- Well,
you don't know me either.
- I don't want to.
- I am a Black female officer
in the CPD.
I know the world
gives out power unfairly.
- How woke of you.
- You killed a man.
I don't agree with that,
but I fully understand
why the hell you did it.
So no, I'm not scared of you.
I won't be impressed by you,
and you can't shock me.
But what surprises me
is that you
would allow your friend,
Willow,
to be alone with Raymond now.
What exactly do you think
will happen to her
if he finds her before we do?
- He won't.
- No?
And you'll bet
her life on that?
[apprehensive music]
How quick do you
think he can kill her?
Snap her neck, break her skull?
- Stop.
- How quick was it for Lucy?
How quick for him
to beat her head in?
Because he is bigger,
he's older,
and he is faster than you.
How quick was it for him
to take her life?
- Stop.
- I think it was so fast,
you didn't even know
what happened, did you?
Just two hits
to crack her skull in.
- Stop it.
- No, I won't stop.
Because you're not wrong.
You're not sweet.
You're not innocent.
And you know that
this world is unfair.
So what do you think
will happen
if he gets his hands on her?
If he gets angry enough,
he'll kill her.
- Please, stop.
- No, I won't stop.
I'm offering you the power
to save her, Jess.
You understand?
Tell me where she is.
You love her,
then you'll tell me.
- We were just gonna run.
- Where?
We don't know where
Raymond is, Jess.
♪
- To California.
We were gonna take
a bus to California.
She's taking the bus.
Please.
♪
[tense music]
- Staff hasn't seen Willow.
They've only got one bus
going west tonight.
Sarge?
- I'm here.
- We got one possible bus.
We're moving in to clear now.
- Copy you.
We're clear at the depot.
Willow's not here.
- Let's check this area
one more time.
- Clear at west side station.
There had two buses
going west today.
Willow wasn't on either.
- Torres, Nissan, plates match.
- We got eyes on Raymond's
vehicle, approaching now.
- Raymond's out here.
- Attention, please.
Bus 120 now boarding.
Please have your tickets ready
after you've been seated.
Thank you.
♪
- Vehicle's empty.
We don't have eyes on Raymond,
but he has to be here.
- I'm on my way to you.
- Torres!
- Willow!
- Stop!
We've got eyes on Willow.
She's running eastbound.
Raymond is a positive!
- Damn it.
- Continuing eastbound
through a gangway!
♪
[fence rattling]
Hey.
- [screaming]
- We've got screams four houses
in from the fence line.
We're going in.
♪
I'm going up.
- Copy.
♪
[gasps]
[shouting, grunting]
[water splashing]
♪
- Kiana!
Kiana!
- Willow's in the water!
Get--
- [breathing heavily]
[muffled screaming]
I got you, I got you!
Hey.
- You got her?
- Yeah!
- [spluttering]
- Is she alive?
- Yeah!
You good?
- I'm fine.
- Now breathe.
Breathe. Breathe.
I got you, I got you.
- Do you guys need me?
- No, scene's almost done.
Raymond's en route to 21.
Willow's still stable.
- Good.
My charges would be
the charges for the girls.
- Yes.
- Well,
I guess that's it for me.
I should get back
to my district.
- What's the deal with you
and Sergeant Montgomery?
- What is with you?
- I want to know.
- You get what you want?
- No, not usually, but--
- Hmm.
- I think I can help.
You gonna save me from it?
You think there's something
I haven't done to save myself?
- No.
- He put a brick on me.
Montgomery is a slow roller,
scared about his pension.
He arrives just in time for
searches and guaranteed arrest,
the exact opposite of what
a tag team should be.
I said as much.
He didn't like that.
I woke up one day
reassigned back to Patrol.
- He's got a lot
of friends, then.
- Yes.
Well, I'll see you
around, Torres.
- There's a spot open.
[soft music]
♪
Voight has to fill them.
You should join our unit.
- I'm pretty sure
it doesn't work like that.
- It can.
- There is no way in hell
I'd ever get approved for that.
Your sergeant would never
approve me for that.
- He already said yes.
It's yours if you want it.
- Why?
You don't know me.
- I know enough.
What do you say?
♪
[tense music]
[wolf howls]